Mom
This happened back then
I thought it was over.
But I heard you and Crape Myrtle last night
I know it's not over yet
Why did Mom and Uncle Huang know my grandfather?
Why do they all have identical tattoos?
Your father and your uncle Huang are brothers and sisters
As for the old man above, he is your grandfather.
I don't know.
What happened that year?
I don't know either.
But there is one thing I can tell you
Your dad and your uncle Huang
It will never harm your parents
I didn't see it with my own eyes back then
child
Sometimes what the eyes see may not be true
If the truth is what mom said
The death of my parents
No, no, it won't be grandpa's tiger poison, not a child
The plan can begin
Time to unlock
Hello Crape Myrtle
Go to the eastern suburbs
I have something important to ask you